Node sdk sample (#8)
zowe/zowe-client-samples: node-sdk-sample/README.md

Reviewer: Please add a readme that explains how to get started - we can use the [Python SDK readme](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-samples/blob/main/python-sdk-sample/README.md) for inspiration.

Something brief will suffice - just needs to include commands to get started: `git clone`, `npm install`, `npm run build`, and explain how to run the test script.

# Zowe Node SDK Sample

## Requirements

You can clone the repository using `git`:

```
git clone https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-samples.git
```

> You can install the requirements in a virtual environment with following commands:

Reviewer 2: should we instruct people to copy the node-sdk-sample directory to a new location to be able to start a project from scratch?

Otherwise, it may cause confusion on how to unlink the sample sdk from this repo 😋

```shell
cd node-sdk-sample
npm install
npm run build
```

## Quickstart

> After you install the package, import the class SampleSDK from modules.

Reviewer 3: Please adjust the case so users import the correct class:

```suggestion
After you install the package, import the class SampleSdk from modules.
```

Below is a simple script of how to run the sample SDK, assuming the script file is located under the `node-sdk-sample/src` folder:

```typescript
import { Session } from "@zowe/imperative";
import { SampleSdk } from "./main";

(async () => {
    const session: Session = new Session({
        hostname: "jsonplaceholder.typicode.com",
    });
    const sdk = new SampleSdk(session);
    console.log("\n=== Retrieving a Single Post ===");
    console.log(await sdk.getPost(1));
})();

```

## Running The Sample

> ~/zowe-client-sample/node-sdk-sample should be the working directory

Reviewer 3: Thoughts on putting the working dir in inline code blocks (single backticks) and adjusting the wording to match Zowe Docs / other SDKs?

```suggestion
With `~/zowe-client-sample/node-sdk-sample` as the working directory, issue the following command to run the sample:
```

```shell

> npx tsx src/script.ts

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't recommend running `npx tsx` as it will trigger a build without considering the tsconfig.json file in the root of the project.

Maybe after adding an `npm start` script, (which calles `node lib/scripts.js`) should be sufficient  😋

```

## Running Integration and Unit Tests

> ~/zowe-client-sample/node-sdk-sample should be the working directory

Reviewer 3: Related to other suggestion in this file:

```suggestion
With `~/zowe-client-sample/node-sdk-sample` as the working directory, issue the following command to run integration and unit tests:
```

## Running The Sample

With `~/zowe-client-sample/node-sdk-sample` as the working directory, issue the following command to run the sample:

```shell
npx tsx src/script.ts
```

## Running Integration and Unit Tests

> With `~/zowe-client-sample/node-sdk-sample` as the working directory, issue the following command to run the sample:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With `~/zowe-client-sample/node-sdk-sample` as the working directory, issue the following command to run integration and unit tests:
```
